there are
couple what the [__] there are a couple
of new things okay so I got another
stepper
motor I got
a 5 Vols regulator and then I got these
which are tiny motor drivers and in spe
specifically they
are
uh A4
wow please don't just be the chip God
damn it
dude where is the
actual PDF
bro come
on this really
is all we get
so what is the pin out God damn it I
guess
this okay
[Music]
uh my
Pico what was it we need to actually go
to th I closed th unfortunate please
tell me it saves what's open okay yeah
should I just try to figure it out like
instead of being an idiot
so motor power supply ground okay that's
good I don't know what all of these are
I feel
like okay these four go to please tell
me they go
to okay yeah so that's the other thing I
need to figure out is okay and then
Logic power supply
so okay so let's
get the breadboard powered
okay so
that is like that then we
need
vdd
so we're getting 5 volts
from oh three to 5 volts that's
nice um so wait so let's
get this
cable oh [__] we need the uh
okay
okay okay so the grounds are all
good maybe we should
um I don't know that seems like a recipe
for disaster
just use these for
now steep
Ander
yeah okay step went
to 6 which was nine wait which N9 or 10
which was
nine
then
Direction goes to
10 okay what else do we
need we need
ground why are there two
grounds I guess I'll just connect them
both ground to ground
okay the other ground also to
ground now the mo the Moe
okay make that red I
guess
oh well we have um we have this
yeah that works so this goes to V
Mo and then I'm hoping and praying that
um okay so I
have okay I see 2 b 2 a 1 a 1
B um I have a k table that
is
blue red green black coming from Nema
uh which color goes to
which okay blue is
2b red is okay blue is
2b okay now what else do we need I don't
know what these three other pins are
for it's active low so pulling it low
will enable driver
oh yeah pulling it high will disable
that's
fine
um okay yeah we just need the three
volts coming from the um so Pico W pin
out
bruh so 3v3 we could just use 3v3 which
is so nice that they're using they allow
me to do that um
so we don't need the enable we just need
that so whatever I guess I'll
use whatever I can find
honestly okay orange so this is going to
be VDC
right what is this vdd it's just the
goes to the Logic power supp
oh wait this won't
work oh no am I out of one
sided there we
go okay so
vdd this is going to go just directly
to
the fifth pin down
okay so we should be totally set up and
the pinouts are the same so I should
literally just be able to turn on the
power supply and have it start
working wait do I have to go
to wait did we oh can we um
um PCO back and forth that's what we
want okay so something is missing
um but I don't see what is
missing let me look at the old motor
driver no I mean I feel like I got all
the pins
okay
it's not
moving it's not a good
sign oh I left my oscilloscope inside
okay
for e
oh it's cuz I literally didn't plug it
in bro I'm dumb as
hell okay it's
still not
working is there an issue
oh it's making a
sound that was interesting
oh it's stepping so frantically
wait is
this no yeah okay so I probably need to
break out the
oscilloscope spazzing
out but if I don't touch anything on
this little chip
okay wait I'm going to turn off the
power supp I need to go to the
bathroom
e
e e
what to do what to do
okay so let's listen to D
oh wait actually how what high of how
high of voltage can this thing take I
forgot
um I could just get my volt meter
25 where does it say what range
plus or minus 25 volts okay so I feel
fine then not getting my
oscilloscope or my
um
what the hell are you oh
yeah this thing
okay so let's just plug it into the
power supply and see if we get 19
volts okay we're going to make this um
like two volts we need to zoom out
actually we need more than
that 5 volts okay going turn it on okay
so we have 19 volts there so that's
good now
make sure everything's plugged in so I'm
going to plug in the dur and the step
okay it does seem kind of
loose okay so
now oh is it actually because
[Music]
um okay I don't know
oh wait
what that doesn't look right
why doesn't that look right oh wait
that's the dur I
think oh yeah okay there's the
step okay yeah that looks like a
step
so I can't really figure out what could
be wrong I mean there okay okay let's
just admit it there is like
a like
really loose connection
somewhere I don't know if that's cuz I
hit one of these pins
though if I hit this reset pin something
happens e
okay so if I
touch the reset
pin it sort of makes a sound
weirdly there looks like there's kind of
like a dial on this
thing what is that dial is that for
micro
stepping oh no that lets you set the
maximum
current well okay well I could just try
turning up the
current where's that
[Music]
screwdriver presumably clockwise
increases it
okay wait how do you micro step then oh
you know what I
should dude where is the data sheet for
this thing
cuz I need to
know okay that looks like mine so I'm
guessing that these These are the micro
stepping things so maybe it's just
[Music]
I think I don't need a specific I don't
know what
that difference between D7 and d10 is
here 5 volts could that be it
it it says 3 to 5 volts
though CU that's kind of a
fail I'm going to just see if I can get
the uh old one to work so
going to take
this just see if the code that's running
on the thing
currently works so we need a red wire
though or no we
don't we just
need okay this should be fine
so let's turn off the power
supply hook this
up this
up so ground the
driver where's the
screwdriver
bro where did I put that freaking thing
oh it's hidden in the Box
okay so this goes
into
VDC okay then we unplug the
four motor pins from the high let
[Music]
go okay
okay now we have four pins
here we connect
to the respective colors blue to
blue red to
Red Green to green and black to
Black okay so now it's powered it just
needs the 3 volts
logic which is on pin
five maybe that's what we got wrong
actually I don't know okay
dur
see dur is the higher
one this is
10 and this is
nine then this and this both go to
10 five which
is
um 1 two 3 four five which is 3 volts
three we could check that with the
oscilloscope but I'm pretty sure that's
right okay so then let's just turn on
the power
supply oh this came out okay
not long enough I don't even understand
how that's
possible
okay um
dude what the hell
does this thing messed
up when you pull this when you drag the
screw down what is even
happening oh
what oh I'm
dumb
okay so we need
this wire
again whatever can use
green yeah it was just too far
down okay that's good enough okay so
let's turn this on
okay well it's
definitely it's not
moving but it is holding it down why
isn't it
moving is this cuz I forgot
[Music]
something [__] I should have taken a
picture of this
thing cuz now this is not working um
it is running the right code
right let's see do I get an IP
okay I mean I got
it but it did not
send out our
commands oh
wait I'm dumb
okay what about
now Okay cool so this is
working
uh so then why the
hell no
okay
step is
six so let's turn off the P Spot we're
going to try to switch it one more
time and I just want to see if I'm doing
anything obviously
stupid by redoing
it
okay
okay VDC now we just need to plug in
I'm going to use the other motor I
think and it was I forget how it was so
we need to go back
to
here blue is 2 b
okay vote
ground four pins
VDC yep
grounded then we have
step and
Direction okay we're going to turn on
the pass by again
and the interesting thing is
like this thing isn't even locked up oh
wait oh no this one is locked up but
this one isn't is it just not high
enough voltage or something weird like
that that's so
annoying
um what time is it okay
704 all right going to count this as an
L yo what's up man you still here
dude I bought this teeny little oh wait
it's all connected to
stuff
uh I bought this
[__] tiny little motor driver can you
even see
that instead of this thing which is
huge and it's supposed to be like a drop
in replacement but for someon it's just
not
working
um so I don't
know it
so when you uh when you have one of
these um it's called a stepper motor you
um uh you need something to drive it to
interpret the signal coming from the uh
Peak the Raspberry
Pi uh in order to like control it
[Music]
and I don't know I feel like the pin out
was exactly the same and I did
everything
um
correctly 8 to 35 volts I'm giving it
19 I connected all of
this I don't know what do I need to hook
sleep and reset up
together like what is
that okay the ones with the bar on it
are active
low so
when I touch the is it the reset pin
hold on let's see if we can recreate
that
so this needs to go step God I can't
believe I for up this again
step goes to pin
[Music]
nine
and Direction goes to pin 10 on the
Pico
okay uh I have to run though I'm running
late for
something okay so let's Okay the power
supply is on actually I should have
turned that off but let's see if we can
recreate that noise that I
made
okay
okay when I touch the let's see if it
actually is the reset
pin when I touch the reset pin I hear
the Nema making a
faint
sound oh wait could that be
it that would be so hype if that was the
issue let's see can we find a cable in
here okay so this needs to be pulled
low let's pray it's
that
no
vdd okay so wait we need to do a little
bit of surgery on this
circuit so first off let's unplug
this take out the other motor driver
then this pin
five on the Pico is going to get its own
lane so then we need
to
um let's see hold
on um okay here are my cables and my
wire cutters so we just need more red
ones
cting
[Music]
wires it's not long
enough okay
so oh wait but then we need the other
side of it that's so annoying
actually okay let's just use
these so this needs to be pulled sleep
needs to be pulled
High okay reset pin should be pulled
High may indicate that the thing is
floating
okay see do we have one more of
those okay we can do
this okay
okay all
right now all of the pins besides the
micro stepping pins are hooked up let's
turn on the power
supp oh it's locked in place that's such
a good
sign oh baby okay so the micro stepping
is wrong it's not 1600 there's some
other setting but let's so we freaking
got it working so I move
this I don't know if you can see it's
probably very faint I don't think I have
a little hat for it but it it is
definitely moving all right so now that
I got to go we basically took this huge
thing that's this big and now we've made
it this big in our project So eventually
and ol I don't know if you've seen this
but basically I have a 3D printer I uh
this is the ass as it is so you put the
motor under here but the idea is that I
want to have the motor the
driver um maybe even a battery but put
all of the electronics under here so
it's hidden so that if I want to show
someone that this thing working I I just
have to carry around this and it has a
small Notch for a single power single
power cable uh so that I don't need to
have like a
um just like the amount of wires on my
table is totally crazy so to actually
use this thing is just a mess right now
so all right I'm pretty happy that I got
it working uh it's annoying that I have
to hook up like a few extra pins and I
actually want to take a picture of this
on my phone so that I can get the
wiring right
again okay cool successful successful
stream I got to run